TODO LIST FOR SLUDGE (rough roadmap)

✓ 1.  Hard-code adding files straight into Transactions DB (just dupe, no stress)
✓ 2.  Create classification IDs with ancillary data (int ID that correlates to a bucket)
✓ 3.  Hard-code base list of buckets
✓ 3a. Add RESTful API for retrieving transactions (expressjs.com, apiary.com?)
✓ 4.  Create basic UI for classifying transactions
✓ 5.  Add basic UI for importing files
✓ 6.  Report on current vs. expected bucket size.
✓ 6a. Add support for storing the account and other group info per-transaction
✓ 6b. Transactions are displayed in pageable form, most recent first
✓ 6c. Add filter bar above transactions to permit filtering and searching on any field

--- BASIC FUNCTIONALITY COMPLETE (DEMONSTRATABLE)

✓ 7.  Create basic-case handler for import overlaps
  8.  Visualise in some way completeness of transaction record.

--- USABLE WITH SOME ASSISTANCE

✓ 9.  Create table holding ordered rules for classifying transaction (regex text match?)
✓ 10. Automate classification to bucket where a matching rule is found
✓ 11. Create basic UI for adding and editing buckets
✓ 11a. Create bucket import/export endpoints and UI for editing buckets externally

--- USABLE WITHOUT ASSISTANCE

✓ 11b. Host in AWS
  12. Reverse-engineer mobile app protocols to permit automatic transaction retrieval
  13. Investigate Yodlee feeds
  14. Mobile-enable classifier
✓ 15. Integrate Google authentication

--- BUGS / FEATURES

  Can't rename accounts
  Add account balance, for reconciliation (zero with transaction)
  Bucket balance does not auto-update on rule execution or categorisation
✓ No UI for zeroing buckets to a transaction
✓ Categorising one bucket when filtering <None> does not update correctly (still dirty?)
  Display global transaction / uncategorised count (defrag?)
  Display filtered transaction / uncategorised count
✓ Display slush total (total of all bucket balances)
  Move upload/download buttons to hamburger
  Notes field on transaction (+1)
✓ Remove need to press Enter after selecting an item
  Filter transactions by amount
  See when others are using it (incl. how long ago their last request was)
✓ Convert bucket list to react-virtualized Table
  Permit sorting bucket list
✓ Buckets with zero period or invalid date should not show other fields (as they are not budget buckets)
  Line highlighting / click-to-select on rows
  Re-sizable / re-orderable columns in all tables
  Nested buckets
  Display budget/bucket balance for the current period only
✓ Flickering columns in Chrome / Windows / 4k
  Tidy up budgeting for income
  Dark theme
✓ Multiple barrels per user / switch barrels
  Rename barrels
  Advanced rules (filter by type, amount, search by field, booleans?)
  Budget balance display formatting (Shared: $17,427.4)
